First of all congratulations for
sitting through so
much of a bash course like that,
and of itself deserves a medal.
It's not the most exciting topic,
Bash has been around forever.
It's kind of a tool that everyone
just kind of assumes you know.
And so, like if you go into an interview,
they're not gonna ask you a bunch of bash
questions, because one,
they probably don't know themselves.
And two, it's just not the most
exciting shiny technology.
But I just had this personal strong
opinion that, when you have these
tools that you're interacting
with on a very consistent basis,
as a developer often will
do with a command line.
It's worth the time to
invest in these tools and
figure out how to be more
productive with them.
Because if you can learn how
to be two seconds faster, but
you learn that very early in your career,
you can say the hours over your
entire career just by kind of learning and
investing in these tools.
And honestly,
I think it's kind of fun, right?
It's kind of fun to automate these tasks.
It was such a pain in the ass before, but
now you can do really
cool things with them.
So, everything that I taught you
was within the context of bash and
your boon to.
But I just wanted to really hit
home that if I go back over to Mac,
now I'm in Mac land, right?
All these things,
I just did crontab, right?
All this stuff still applies to Mac OS,
almost all of it.
Like verbatim, you could copy and
paste from my course into Mac and
it would still work, because I'm using zsh
here, zsh and bash are largest compatible.
And really smart people made
Mac OS relatively compatible with
the same way that Linux is.
So everything that I just taught you
will work very, very well with Mac,
if not, I can't even think of anything
that wouldn't work the same way.
So, that's one thing to keep in mind.
As well as PowerShell,
a lot of this will works with PowerShell.
Certainly all of the paradigms I showed
you with PowerShell work exactly the same,
it's just like the specific syntax
will be a little bit different.
And I'll be honest with you,
PowerShell is a lot more pleasant to
work with because it's more modern.
Microsoft invest a lot into making
it a much more modern experience.
For example, you get syntax highlighting
as you're typing, which is really cool,
which you don't get with bash.
But things like,
I think fish does actually give you
syntax highlighting on the fly.
But anyway, all that to say, you are now
much more apt to hop into PowerShell and
feel okay about it.
Cool, and then I just wanted to give
you some places to go from here.
We talked a lot about the command line.
And right now I feel pretty
confident saying that you
are certainly intermediate developers
at the very least now with bash.
Just based on all the information that I
have, you're lucky that the bar here is
pretty low, because most people
don't know how to use it super well.
So, where do we go from here?
There's definitely more depth
to be gained here on bash.
This was definitely a cursory
introduction and I missed a lot of,
some important concepts,
like we didn't talk about symlinks.
You might go look up the symlinks, because
that is actually a fairly important
concept, one that I don't use a ton
because it's a pain in the butt.
So today you can go get
more depth on bash.
There's my course on the complete
intro to containers,
which takes this knowledge that I gave
you, and takes it into even further depth
that teaches you more about docker and
how to do Linux containers.
It was actually the inspiration for doing
this course, because I wanted to make sure
everyone got up to the level that
they needed to have on bash, so
they felt comfortable doing containers.
So that is definitely the intermediate
version of this course
would be the intro to containers.
Get in depth from Nunez agribank.
I think I've referenced that a couple of
times that'll teach you get specifically
which is very command line oriented,
full stack front, front end engineers.
I think that has a little bit of
a crossover with this course as well
from my old coworker at Netflix,
Jim, but it's amazing.
And then I wanna encourage all of
you to dig into node.js because it's
a very huge passion of mine.
And I would be upset if literally anyone
else taught that course in Frontend of
masters except Scott Moss,
because he's one, just the best,
most entertaining teacher, and
just the nicest guy in general.
So definitely go check out
the introduction to node from Scott.
So thanks again, thanks for
sticking through it.
I'm super appreciative, I know for
a Masters is appreciative all the people
that watch the courses and
all the subscribers as I am.
So take this knowledge, go out and make
the world a little bit better place, and
hopefully it makes it a bit happier.
So thank you and thanks for
sticking through the course with me.
>> [APPLAUSE]